as a mostly single guy. I've always been satisfied with any place that
I've ever lived. When I was on active duty, um, you could find me,
like, just living on on a basic bunk, and that was good enough for me.
Eventually buy houses. And, um, yeah, there were five bedroom, 3000
square feet, house houses, But yeah, I just found myself just living
in the living room. Um, so yeah, any place has been good enough
for me, but from what I've seen from people who have been traveling
around with your family Yeah, if you have three kids, then you wanna
at least a three bedroom house. If you have dogs and cats, then you
want at least backyard. Um, some people actually don't stay on the
military housing because its's not quite what they're looking for, and
they stay off base. But it depends on your command, whether they
allow something like that or not.